I met her at work. She was a temp hire for our busy sales season when the Fiesta was happening.
She was a young Latina woman, about 5' tall.
She dyed her hair a shocking blond color, incongruous with her black eyes. That effect was intentional.
Her name was Samantha.
She had a jaded, deadpan way of talking.
"Helloo, John."
It sounded almost cynical, the way she would speak, as if she were having a joke at your expense that you weren't privy to.
She was beautiful.
I was captivated, though she was much too young for me.
I kept my emotional distance.
I was nice enough to her, helping her with learning the job, showing her a few hints about how to use the register on the computer.
She let me know she was studying computer programming.
I responded "Holy shit."
This was something we had in common, at least.
I had mentioned to her previously that I had worked in IT as a career prior to working part-time in a retail job.
I resolved to help her out.
I asked her what tools and programming languages she knew about.
She said she learned Python on her own and was taking online courses.
She was smarter than she let on, much smarter.

I said to her one day, "You are very chill. You don't let anything bother you."
This affected her more than I realized, for reasons I will explain later.

I knew her time on the job was limited, and that she would be leaving at the end of the busy season.
I gave her a slip of paper with my email address on it. metanoid@gmail.com
It was innocent enough.
I wasn't pursuing her.
I told her to contact me if she had any IT questions.
Before she left we talked about Japan and manga.
She seemed surprised that I had an interest in manga.
I recommended that she read "Oyasumi Punpun" and she got a little excited when she looked it up, saying that her friend had recommended it to her, and that her friend had a figurine of Punpun.

She left the job with no fanfare, no emotional goodbyes.
Just a "Goodbye, everybody." as she walked out the door.
I said "Goodbye, Samantha." with the same deadpan tone, to let her know I knew what and why she was doing. No emotional attachment, to anything.

About a week after she left the job, I got an email from her.
She said she had read "Goodnight Punpun" and loved it.
We emailed each other a couple of times.
I sent her an email explaining my awakening, and I haven't heard back from her since.
